Updates for readme(s) and links (#15)
AMWA-TV/nmos-edid-connection-management: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/AMWA-TV/nmos-edid-connection-management.svg?branch=v1.0-dev)](https://travis-ci.com/AMWA-TV/nmos-edid-connection-management)

> This repository contains details of the AMWA EDID Connection Managerment specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains details of AMWA NMOS EDID Connection Management specification.
```

## Getting started

Readers are advised to be familiar with:

- The [overview of Networked Media Open Specifications](https://amwa-tv.github.io/nmos)
- The AMWA [IS-04 Discovery and Registration Specification](https://amwa-tv.github.io/nmos-discovery-registration)
- The AMWA [IS-05 Device Connection Management Specification](https://amwa-tv.github.io/nmos-device-connection-management)

> Readers should then read the [EDID Connection Management Architecture](docs/1.0.%20Architecture.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Readers should then read the [NMOS EDID Connection Management Architecture](docs/1.0.%20Architecture.md).
```
